On November 2, 2000, we, the younger brothers,
were walking along the waves, not knowing where we were.
Even at this time, we did not know the direction of our destiny.
When we left the deck, the surroundings were a deep sea at night.
The sound of the waves was heard on both sides of our ears.
In the dark, we could not see the ship that was supposed to be moving behind us.
We could not see any light after 10 days of observation.
Only our ship was moving, and we were living in a mysterious night.
The soldiers were out on the ship, but they did not make a loud noise as usual.
They were whispering, as if they were whispering something.
The red smoke was like a firefly, fluttering in the air.
We felt something approaching our hearts,
and after a few hours of this, we were able to seal the secret of our soldiers' skills.
It was a mysterious silence.
However, if this was truly the moment of the
The story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story
of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the story of the
story of the board giggles
ч
Thank you for watching!